docs: update decelarationRate doc (#3505)
react-native-webview/react-native-webview: docs/Reference.md

- normal: 0.998
- fast: 0.99 (the default for iOS web view)

> On Android you need to use only numeric values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> On Android, string literal values such as `normal` and `fast` will not work. Use numeric values instead.
```

Reviewer: GitHub's markdown warnings are a little more prominent 😀

Author: I just try to keep the same style
